{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To do\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[done] Boxed method to reduce distance calculation.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei, romain] Check the formulation that starts from the leading squeeze mode of lubrication force. The inhomogenious term is ok?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei] Change the way to increase the effect of friction. Keep the same lubrication force, but change the contact force.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei, romain] Give criteria of the time step for finite Pecklet simulation. (Check simulation stability with Brownian forces)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei] Introduce parameter file\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei, romain] Check the definition of stress\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[romain] Introduce Brownian stress\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei] Output viscosity\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[ryohei, romain] Output data format: File 1 includes information in terms of particles. File 2 includes information in terms of interactions.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}[] Compare with Stokesian dynamics. Which volume fraction range is the applicable range.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Goal\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Make clear the effect of frictional interaction on the shear viscosity\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Analyse force chains. How many particles correlate. Pileup collisions. Some statistics on force chains.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Try to conclude that friction is important for shear thickening. (note: it is not necessary "yes", of cause.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
In future\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Extend to bidispese system\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Introduce rolling/tortional friction.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Effect of cohesion. Particles in sheared concentrated suspension may exceed DLVO potential wall and some finite cohesion.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Rheology of rigid-doublet suspensions. \
}